README.md, before:

# Stacking Sats Master Repo

Welcome to the master repository for the [Hypertrial.ai](https://www.hypertrial.ai/) Stacking Sats project — an open-source ecosystem for building, testing, and deploying Bitcoin accumulation strategies.

---

<table width="100%" style="background-color:#E6F7FF; text-align:center; table-layout:fixed;">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Open Source
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        If it’s real, you don’t need to hide it.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Bitcoin Is the Hurdle Rate
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        To beat Bitcoin, you must buy more Bitcoin.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Proof of Performance
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Let the performance speak for itself.
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


---

## 🧩 Problem Statement

As individuals, institutions, and even nations race to accumulate a mathematically scarce asset, we ask: **How can we do better than dollar-cost averaging (DCA)?** If Bitcoin is good, we want more of it. And yes — there are systematic, data-driven strategies that consistently yield more Bitcoin per dollar than DCA.  

> To find this initiative useful, you must first believe that accumulating Bitcoin is worthwhile.  
> If not, suppose — *for the sake of contradiction* — that it is. Then continue reading.  
>
> *“If you don't believe me or don't get it, I don't have time to try to convince you, sorry”.*  
> — **Satoshi Nakamoto**

Designing optimal Bitcoin accumulation strategies should be a rigorous generalization of dollar-cost averaging. Without rigor, it's easy to produce degenerate strategies that lack statistical significance. So, we have defined a framework that constrains the space of valid solutions to reduce overfitting and eliminate spurious models. However, the resulting search space remains mathematically vast and difficult to navigate. This is why we have open-sourced the challenge — to invite technical talent around the world to contribute to a real-world Bitcoin quant problem.  

📄 [Read the problem statement here](https://github.com/hypertrial/stacking-sats/blob/main/Problem%20Statement.ipynb)  
⚙️ [Dive into our mechanism design (how & why we designed the problem itself) here](https://github.com/hypertrial/stacking-sats/blob/main/Problem%20Statement%20Deep%20Dive.ipynb) 

---

## 🚀 Find How You Will Contribute   

| Path                     | Description                                                                             | Link                                                                                  |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **🎓 University Capstones**     | Trilemma Foundation capstone projects hosted at leading STEM programs worldwide. | [Jump to University Capstone Projects](#University-Capstone-Projects)                                       |
| **🔓 Open Capstones**   | The same capstone projects, open to everyone. Free, remote, and 10 weeks long.    | [Jump to Open Capstone Projects](#Open-Capstone-Projects)                                                    |
| **🏆 Tournaments** | Global, free-to-enter competitions. Prove your performance in public. | [Jump to Tournaments](#Tournaments)                               |

--- 

## University Capstone Projects

[Trilemma Foundation](https://www.trilemma.foundation/) sponsors capstone, practicum, and internship projects with leading universities. Students contribute to open-source research, receive mentorship, and build a public portfolio of industry work.  

**Examples:**  
- [UBC MDS · Summer 2025](https://www.hypertrial.ai/university-projects/ubc-mds)  
- [Georgia Tech MSA · Summer 2025](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/GT-MSA-S25)  
- [UCSD MQF · Summer 2025](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/UCSD-MQF-S25)  

👉 [View all partners or inquire about collaborating](https://www.hypertrial.ai).  

---

## Open Capstone Projects

Capstones are often called the **most valuable part of a STEM degree**. Students pay thousands in tuition just to access them. Trilemma Foundation is giving you the same experience, completely **free, remote, and open to everyone**.

This is your chance to:

* Work on the same real-world problems as leading STEM program students do. 
* Access resources, mentorship, and a global talent network if you put in the effort
* Build novel experience, industry connections, and potential referrals

👉 [**This is your open door**]().

---

## Tournaments

Tournaments are **equal-opportunity competitions** where talent proves itself — and gets directly rewarded.

**Past Tournament:**

> [**Stacking Sats: Strategy × Trilemma Foundation**](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/stacking-sats-tournament-mstr-2025) <br> 
> *`July 16, 2025` – `August 8, 2025`* <br>
> 
> ✅ Global, remote, and free to enter <br> 
> ✅ Backed by [Strategy](https://www.strategy.com/) and [Trilemma Foundation](https://www.trilemma.foundation/) <br> 
> ✅ 20 universities competed <br> 
> ✅ \$3,800 in prizes awarded <br>

📢 **Stay tuned for upcoming datathons.**  

---

Commit message:

Rename repo to Stacking Sats Commons
Updated repository name and project description.

README.md, after:

# Stacking Sats Commons

Welcome to the open source commons for the [Hypertrial.ai](https://www.hypertrial.ai/) [Stacking Sats](https://www.stackingsats.org/) microproduct. Maintained by the Trilemma Foundation, this repository is the gateway to making contributions to the product accessible through capstone projects, datathons, and general open source collaboration.

---

<table width="100%" style="background-color:#E6F7FF; text-align:center; table-layout:fixed;">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Open Source
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        If it’s real, you don’t need to hide it.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Bitcoin Is the Hurdle Rate
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        To beat Bitcoin, you must buy more Bitcoin.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Proof of Performance
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Let the performance speak for itself.
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


---

## 🧩 Problem Statement

As individuals, institutions, and even nations race to accumulate a mathematically scarce asset, we ask: **How can we do better than dollar-cost averaging (DCA)?** If Bitcoin is good, we want more of it. And yes — there are systematic, data-driven strategies that consistently yield more Bitcoin per dollar than DCA.  

> To find this initiative useful, you must first believe that accumulating Bitcoin is worthwhile.  
> If not, suppose — *for the sake of contradiction* — that it is. Then continue reading.  
>
> *“If you don't believe me or don't get it, I don't have time to try to convince you, sorry”.*  
> — **Satoshi Nakamoto**

Designing optimal Bitcoin accumulation strategies should be a rigorous generalization of dollar-cost averaging. Without rigor, it's easy to produce degenerate strategies that lack statistical significance. So, we have defined a framework that constrains the space of valid solutions to reduce overfitting and eliminate spurious models. However, the resulting search space remains mathematically vast and difficult to navigate. This is why we have open-sourced the challenge — to invite technical talent around the world to contribute to a real-world Bitcoin quant problem.  

📄 [Read the problem statement here](https://github.com/hypertrial/stacking-sats/blob/main/Problem%20Statement.ipynb)  
⚙️ [Dive into our mechanism design (how & why we designed the problem itself) here](https://github.com/hypertrial/stacking-sats/blob/main/Problem%20Statement%20Deep%20Dive.ipynb) 

---

## 🚀 Find How You Will Contribute   

| Path                     | Description                                                                             | Link                                                                                  |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **🎓 University Capstones**     | Trilemma Foundation capstone projects hosted at leading STEM programs worldwide. | [Jump to University Capstone Projects](#University-Capstone-Projects)                                       |
| **🔓 Open Capstones**   | The same capstone projects, open to everyone. Free, remote, and 10 weeks long.    | [Jump to Open Capstone Projects](#Open-Capstone-Projects)                                                    |
| **🏆 Tournaments** | Global, free-to-enter competitions. Prove your performance in public. | [Jump to Tournaments](#Tournaments)                               |

--- 

## University Capstone Projects

[Trilemma Foundation](https://www.trilemma.foundation/) sponsors capstone, practicum, and internship projects with leading universities. Students contribute to open-source research, receive mentorship, and build a public portfolio of industry work.  

**Examples:**  
- [UBC MDS · Summer 2025](https://www.hypertrial.ai/university-projects/ubc-mds)  
- [Georgia Tech MSA · Summer 2025](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/GT-MSA-S25)  
- [UCSD MQF · Summer 2025](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/UCSD-MQF-S25)  

👉 [View all partners or inquire about collaborating](https://www.hypertrial.ai).  

---

## Open Capstone Projects

Capstones are often called the **most valuable part of a STEM degree**. Students pay thousands in tuition just to access them. Trilemma Foundation is giving you the same experience, completely **free, remote, and open to everyone**.

This is your chance to:

* Work on the same real-world problems as leading STEM program students do. 
* Access resources, mentorship, and a global talent network if you put in the effort
* Build novel experience, industry connections, and potential referrals

👉 [**This is your open door**]().

---

## Tournaments

Tournaments are **equal-opportunity competitions** where talent proves itself — and gets directly rewarded.

**Past Tournament:**

> [**Stacking Sats: Strategy × Trilemma Foundation**](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/stacking-sats-tournament-mstr-2025) <br> 
> *`July 16, 2025` – `August 8, 2025`* <br>
> 
> ✅ Global, remote, and free to enter <br> 
> ✅ Backed by [Strategy](https://www.strategy.com/) and [Trilemma Foundation](https://www.trilemma.foundation/) <br> 
> ✅ 20 universities competed <br> 
> ✅ \$3,800 in prizes awarded <br>

📢 **Stay tuned for upcoming datathons.**  

---
